Day 2 assignment

Question 1
Lists- List is a collection of data which can hold different data types. 
       Lists are ordered and changeable and it also allows duplicate  elements.
       Python offers a range of compound data types often referred to as sequences. List is one of the most frequently used and very versatile data types used in Python.
       They are enclosed within square braces, with commas between one element and the other.
       Negative indexing can be used to get elements from the end, You can specify a range of indexes by specifying where to start and where to end the range.
       When specifying a range, the return value will be a new list with the specified items.To change the value of a specific item, refer to the index number.

Dictionaries - Python dictionary is an unordered collection of items. Each item of a dictionary has a key/value pair.
               Dictionaries are optimized to retrieve values when the key is known.Creating a dictionary is as simple as placing items inside curly braces {} separated by commas.
               While indexing is used with other data types to access values, a dictionary uses keys. 
               Keys can be used either inside square brackets [] or with the get() method.Dictionaries are mutable. 
               We can add new items or change the value of existing items using an assignment operator.
               We can remove a particular item in a dictionary by using the pop() method. This method removes an item with the provided key and returns the value.
               
Sets - A set is an unordered collection of items. Every set element is unique (no duplicates) and must be immutable (cannot be changed).
        Set itself is mutable. We can add or remove items from it.Sets can also be used to perform mathematical set operations like union, intersection, symmetric difference, etc.
        A set is created by placing all the items (elements) inside curly braces {}, separated by comma, or by using the built-in set() function.
        Empty curly braces {} will make an empty dictionary in Python. To make a set without any elements, we use the set() function without any argument.
        Sets are mutable. However, since they are unordered, indexing has no meaning.We cannot access or change an element of a set using indexing or slicing. Set data type does not support it.

Tuple - A tuple in Python is similar to a list. The difference between the two is that we cannot change the elements of a tuple once it is assigned whereas we can change the elements of a list.
        A tuple can have any number of items and they may be of different types (integer, float, list, string, etc.).
        A tuple can also be created without using parentheses. This is known as tuple packing.
        We can use the index operator [] to access an item in a tuple, where the index starts from 0.
        Python allows negative indexing for its sequences.
        
Strings - A string is a sequence of characters.A character is simply a symbol.
          trings can be created by enclosing characters inside a single quote or double-quotes. 
          Even triple quotes can be used in Python but generally used to represent multiline strings and docstrings.
          We can access individual characters using indexing and a range of characters using slicing. Index starts from 0.
          Trying to access a character out of index range will raise an IndexError. The index must be an integer.Python allows negative indexing for its sequences.
          Strings are immutable. This means that elements of a string cannot be changed once they have been assigned. We can simply reassign different strings to the same name.
          



